Hi friends
In this video we are going to learn that assignment operator in C.
So the assignment operator can be used
to assign values to the variables
So see a programme here in the main function we're
declaring an integer variable A and initialising to 10
And next we are declaring another innteger variable b and
we have b=a
So that is the assignment Operator and the =
symbol is th assignment operator in C. And what happens
here is that the value of a is assigned to
variable b. so 10 will be stored in b also
now we are printing the values of A and B
and see the output
It will be 10 , 10. Basically what happens is
that the value of right side operand will be assigned
to the left side operand
But there are more compound assignment operators and we're
going to see them. First we have +=
which means left and right
Operands will be added and the result will be assigned
to the left operand and it is equivalent to writing
a = a+b
Then we have -= which means right operand
will be subtracted from left operand and the result
will be assigned to the left operand
And it is the same as writing a = a-b
next is *=
which means the product of left and
right operand will be calculated and the result will be
assigned to the Left Operand
And it is same as writing a= a*b
next
We have /= which means the left
operand is divided by right operand and the quotient
is assigned to the left operand and this is same
as writing a=a/b next we
have %= and here after left and right
operand division the remainder will be stored in left
operand. Now let us see examples and let a equal
to 10 and b=5
And we have a+=b and as we
said it is equivalent to a= a+b
so we will get a equal to 15
Next we have a-=b so that
is equal to a=a-b and we
get a=5 and next is a*=b
that is a=a*b
and we get a= 50
Next is a/=b that is
a=a/b and we get  a=2
next a%=b and it is
same as a=a%b and we get a=0
So let us see an example programme and we have the main
function and  we are declaring integer variables a equal
to 10 and b = 5
Then we are calculating a += b and
we are printing the value of a as a+b
be so the output will be 15
So that's all and thank you for watching this video